well I hoped never to see you again sad
dog we're back ladies nobody gave a shit
about the Jump Street reboot but you got
lucky so now this department has
invested a lot of money to make sure
Jump Street keeps going the only problem
is the Koreans bought the church back so
we're moving you across the road to 22
Jump Street you two sons of bitches are
going to college
fuck yeah
we'll go around the classes and
activities past around about the drug
find out who the dealer is do we look
older is everyone in college look like
babies some of us are trying to study so
take it down to a level of shut up easy
so level you're looking for you look
really old to look oldest shit to be
here partners for life
it's just drinking games and bonding why
is that so painful for you no you cannot
hug me right now
we Jump Street and we're about to jump
in your ass mm-hmm right in the crack we
need an expert to consult
oh listen mr. Walters I should apologize
for shooting my penis off but don't
sweat it they gave me a vagina hey guess
what I'm Eric's bitch no you're not yes
you wanna sex